Why did you choose to work in your industry?
I pursued an industry where I can leverage both analytical skills and creativity cross-platform. Working in technology appeared attractive to fulfil this; an industry where it can tap into endless doors of where required, in terms of autonomous systems, innovation, and business enhancement.
What is your top tip for working in this industry?
Being an exceptional communicator is surprisingly quite significant. Interaction in the work environment requires flexibility; you need to effectively engage with stakeholders with different perspectives and articulate problems and solutions in discussions with varying levels of technicality. 
What differentiates your industry from others?
The industry is multi-faceted that embarking your career from one area does not hinder you from entering another speciality. For example, starting as a Java developer will allow working in different sectors while the foundation in one language will make the transition to another fluid.
What personality traits or skills aid success in your industry?
Technology is a vibrant and fast-changing industry. Hence, having enthusiasm for learning something new will allow you to broaden possible opportunities available in the long term. In response, openness to change and quick adaption in practice would help developing yourself further.
Describe the workload and responsibility given to students in your industry. What do you most enjoy about your industry?
The initial training during the Graduate Scheme equipped me to be ready to take on real projects from day one. It is a consistent learning curve where I get supports wherever needed. I find having full ownership of project delivery and visibility of my impact throughout to be most rewarding.
What advice would you give to others considering a career in your industry?
Early work experience assisted in identifying where my passion lies, such as taking part in activities at the university and summer internship programme. Starting with an open-minded approach to immerse yourself into the various experience will accumulate to help progress over time.
